                                README

 PyServ is a fully fledged encrypting TCP/IP server written in Python. The 
encryption algorythm is bluepoint2. The server can be fully administered from 
the protocol side.

 PyServ contains protocol level encryption, which can be switched on by
 instructing the server to use an encryption key. The encryption key can be
specified directly, or it can be specified by key name. In case of a named key
a set of preloaded keys need to be specified on initialization.

 The server's user names and initial keys can only be initialized from the 
loopback interface. An unconfigured server will refuse to accept logins.

 The best way to learn about the operation of the server is to look at the 
sample client examples in the source tree. (Files named pycli_*)

 User initialization:
 
 The uini command allows one to create the initial user. It only accepts 
the uni command from the loopback interface. Once the initial user is created, 
the uini command returns an error.
 
 Key initialization:
 
The keys can be initialized by the kini command. The server only accepts the 
kini from the loopback interface. Once the initial key is created, the kini command 
returns an error.
 p
 After the initial user and initial key has been created, the server can be 
securely administered via the protocol interface. Make sure you switch on your 
initial encryption key via the xkey command.

  To add a user, use uadd, to add a key use kadd. Once a user is created, its
parameters are not alterable. If you need to specify a new pass, simply delete
and recreate the user. This has the advantage of no logins while the user's
parameters change. The user created by uini cannot be deleted.

 Protocol usage. The protocol has most of the commands of a traditional file
transfer protocol. See client source examples for more info. The help facility 
of PyServ is able to deliver useful information as well.

Versioning.

  The 'C' module has a date API, that is generated automatically. Use it to
distinguish algorythm versioning.
  
    print( "Builddate: ",  bluepy.builddate())

  


